Copyright 1989-1994 Apple Computer, Inc.Copyright 1995 Digitool, Inc.In an inspector window:  <Control>-click or <Command>-click or double-click    Brings up a new window inspecting the clicked-on object (or    selects an existing window that was already inspecting it).  <Option>-click    Inspects the clicked-on object in the current window, replacing    what was there.  The Inspector History button in the    Inspector Central window (brought up by the Inspect    command in the Tools menu) may be useful here.  <Control><Option>-click or <Command><Option>-click    Edits the definition of the clicked-on object.  Click on the Inspect button (or press <Return>) while holding  down the <Shift> key to make a fresh inspector window for the  selected line (disregarding any other window that is already  inspecting it).  Copy from the Edit menu    Copies the selected object to the Lisp scrap and to the variable    named "@".  Paste from the Edit menu    Replaces the selected object with the Lisp scrap or beeps if the    Edit button is not enabled.  Pasting into the first line of    an inspector window (usually) changes the inspected object    to the pasted object.  Cut from the Edit menu    Not implemented yet.  Will eventually splice the selected object    out of the inspected object when this makes sense.(inspect object)  brings up an inspector window.(describe object)  describes an object by calling describe-object on the object  and *standard-output*.(get-scrap :lisp)  Gets the Lisp scrap.(put-scrap :lisp scrap)  Replaces the Lisp scrap with scrap.A few words about the Stack Backtrace window:Click and drag on the little black box below the upper scroll barto resize the upper pane.The compiler now allocates registers for variables that are usedfrequently.  These are displayed at the top of the value display(bottom) pane with the labels DSAVEn or ASAVEn (the names ofthose registers in LAP: Lisp Assembly Programming).  If thebacktrace code can't find the value for one of these registers,it is displayed as "??".  In the stack portion of the valuedisplay pane (labels 0, 1, 2, ...), saved values of registersfrom earlier frames are marked by "(DSAVEn)" or "(ASAVEn)".When the stack backtrace window is being created it needs towalk the stack and note the locations of the saved registers.If the stack has overflowed, this takes a while.  Be patient.The Commands menu now allows you to Return from Frame orRestart Frame if you have selected a frame in the functiondisplay (top) pane and it has no unknown register values.Return from Frame brings up an editor window into whichyou can type the value you wish to return.  Restart Framebrings up an argument list inspector which you can use tochange the arguments to the function before restarting it.Use its Command menu to insert or delete args and to initiatethe restarting of the frame.  The Restart command will refuseto work and notify you with a beep if the backtrace window isno longer open.